Add breaking change for `2201.5.0` update (#6559)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

- Due to an internal API change, the GraphQL `1.7.0` package is not compatible with older Ballerina versions and older GraphQL versions are not compatible with Ballerina `2201.5.0`. When migrating to Ballerina `2201.5.0` from previous Ballerina distributions, the GraphQL version should be updated to `1.7.0` with this release.

> - Fixed a bug that previously possible to use the name of a field of an included record parameter as the name of the included record parameter in function definitions.

Reviewer: Please move this to before the stdlib change.

> - Fixed a bug that previously possible to use the name of a field of an included record parameter as the name of the included record parameter in function definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that allowed using an included record parameter of the same name as that of a field of the parameter record type.
```

    
    ```ballerina
    type Employee record {|
        string[] name;
        int id;
    |};
    

>     public function main(*Employee name) { // compilation error now

Reviewer: Please use a different function instead of `main`.

>     }

Reviewer: Shall we use something like `err` with an error detail record instead? Or something that's more a real-world use-case.

Author: Updated. Please check.

Reviewer 2: Resolving the comment as Maryam has approved the PR.
